Add five new Zendesk collections [DOC-452] (#2632)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/zendesk/index.md

[Zendesk](https://www.zendesk.com/) is a customer service platform for enterprises, which provides a customer support platform that allows quicker and easier interaction between businesses and customers.

## Getting Started

> 1. From your workspace's `sources` page, click `add source`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Connections > Sources** and click **Add Source** in the Segment app
```

> 2. Choose Zendesk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for **Zendesk** in the Sources Catalog and click **Add Source**.
```

3. Give the Source a name and add any labels to help you organize and filter your sources. You can give the source any name, but Segment recommends a name that reflects the source itself, as this name auto-populates the schema name. For example, the source name `Zendesk` creates the schema `zendesk`.

>    **Note**: You can add multiple instances if you have multiple Zendesk accounts. That's why Segment allows you to customize the source's nickname and schema name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Note**: You can add multiple instances if you have multiple Zendesk accounts. That's why Segment allows you to customize the source's nickname and schema name.
```

Reviewer: Adding a sub-bullet to the note makes the formatting a bit easier to read

4. Enter your Zendesk subdomain. The subdomain you use to access your Zendesk portal (for example 'segment' for segment.zendesk.com)

>    **Note** If you enter `segment.zendesk.com` as a subdomain instead of just `segment`, Segment tries to access the host `segment.zendesk.com.zendesk.com` and you will get a credentials error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note:** If you enter `segment.zendesk.com` as a subdomain instead of just `segment`, Segment tries to access the host `segment.zendesk.com.zendesk.com` and you will get a credentials error.
```

5. Click **Authorize** to start Zendesk's OAuth process. Sign in and grant permissions, you'll be good to go.

> success ""
> **Tip**: Segment uses the incremental export API from Zendesk, which requires Admin access. Make sure the user has Admin authorizations.

### Rate Limits

> The Zendesk source uses both Zendesk's [Core API](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/) and [Incremental Exports API](https://developer.zendesk.com/rest_api/docs/core/incremental_export). The source's requests to the Incremental API do not count towards your Zendesk account's rate limits, but requests to the Core API do. By default, Segment caps requests to Zendesk's Core API to a rate of 200 requests per minute to avoid triggering [Zendesk's Rate Limits](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/account-configuration/usage_limits/). If you'd like to increase or decrease the request rate for your source, [please reach out](https://segment.com/help/contact/). Support for this in the UI is in the works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zendesk source uses both Zendesk's [Core API](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/){:target="_blank"} and [Incremental Exports API](https://developer.zendesk.com/rest_api/docs/core/incremental_export){:target="_blank"}. The source's requests to the Incremental API don't count towards your Zendesk account's rate limits, but requests to the Core API do. By default, Segment caps requests to Zendesk's Core API to a rate of 200 requests per minute to avoid triggering [Zendesk's Rate Limits](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/account-configuration/usage_limits/){:target="_blank"}. If you'd like to increase or decrease the request rate for your source, [please reach out](https://segment.com/help/contact/). Support for this in the UI is in the works.
```

## Components

### Sync

> The Zendesk source is built with a sync component, which means Segment makes requests to their API on your behalf on a three hour interval to pull the latest data into Segment. In the initial sync, Segment grabs all the Zendesk objects (and their corresponding properties) according to the Collections Table below. The objects will be written into a separate schema, corresponding to the source instance's schema name you designated upon creation (like `zendesk_prod.users`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zendesk source is built with a sync component, which means Segment makes requests to their API on your behalf on a three hour interval to pull the latest data into Segment. In the initial sync, Segment grabs all the Zendesk objects (and their corresponding properties) according to the Collections Table below. The objects are written into a separate schema, corresponding to the source instance's schema name you designated upon creation (like `zendesk_prod.users`).
```

> The sync component uses an upsert API, so the data in your warehouse loaded using sync will reflect the latest state of the corresponding resource in Zendesk.  For example, if `ticket_status` goes from `open` to `closed` between syncs, on its next sync that tickets status will be `closed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sync component uses an upsert API, so the data in your warehouse loaded using sync reflects the latest state of the corresponding resource in Zendesk.  For example, if `ticket_status` goes from `open` to `closed` between syncs, on its next sync that tickets status is `closed`.
```

> The source syncs and warehouse syncs are independent processes. Source runs pull your data into the Segment Hub, and warehouse runs flush that data to your warehouse. Sources will sync with Segment every three hours. Depending on your Warehouses plan, Segment pushes the Source data to your warehouse on the interval associated with your billing plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source syncs and warehouse syncs are independent processes. Source runs pull your data into the Segment Hub, and warehouse runs flush that data to your warehouse. Sources sync with Segment every three hours. Depending on your Warehouses plan, Segment pushes the Source data to your warehouse on the interval associated with your billing plan.
```

|  [group_memberships](#group_memberships) | object | A membership links an agent to a group. Groups can have many agents, as agents can be in many groups. You can use the API to list what agents are in which groups, and reassign group members. |
|  [audit_logs](#audit_logs) | object | The audit log shows various changes in your instance of Zendesk since the account was created.  **Note**: This collection is not included by default. To request it, [contact Segment support](https://segment.com/help/contact/). |

In your warehouse, each collection gets its own table. Find below a list of the properties Segment automatically fetches for each collection.

> note "Standard properties"
> The list in this document includes the standard properties only, but doesn't include _your_ custom fields. (Don't worry, they'll be there in your warehouse.)

### groups
<table>
   <tr>
     <th>Property</th>
     <th>Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td> Automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> This automatically assigns when creating groups. </td>
```

Author: > Suggested change 
>      <td> Automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>
>      <td> This automatically assigns when creating groups. </td>

Would it be clearer to say "This is automatically assigned when groups are created" or something similar?

### users
<table>
   <tr>
     <th>Property</th>
     <th>Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td> Automatically assigned when the user is created. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> This automatically assigns when the user is created. </td>
```

### tickets
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td> Automatically assigned when the ticket is created.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> This automatically assigns when the ticket is created.</td>
```

     <td>received_at</td>
     <td> This timestamp is added to incoming messages as soon as they hit Segment API.</td>
   </tr>
      <tr>
     <td>ticket_form_id</td>
     <td>The ID of the ticket form to render for the ticket (Enterprise only).</td>
   </tr>
</table>

### ticket_fields
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td> Automatically assigned upon creation.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> This automatically assigns upon creation.</td>
```

     <td>updated_at</td>

>      <td> When this record last got updated.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> The time this record last got updated.</td>
```

Reviewer: is this time or date?

Author: The Zendesk docs don't specify if it's a date, time, or both. I'll ask an engineer to see what this property entails.

Author: It's a date and time, I'll update accordingly.

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>assignee_updated_at</td>

>      <td> When the assignee last updated the ticket.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> The time the assignee last updated the ticket.</td>
```

Reviewer: is this time or date?

>      <td> When the ticket was initially assigned.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> The time the ticket was initially assigned.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>assigned_at</td>

>     <td> When the ticket was last assigned.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> The time the ticket was last assigned.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>solved_at</td>

>     <td> When the ticket was solved.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> The time the ticket was solved.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ticket_id</td>

>     <td> ID of the associated ticket.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> The ID of the associated ticket.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>timestamp</td>

>     <td> Time when the ticket was updated.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> The time when the ticket was updated.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>updater_id</td>

>     <td> ID of the user who updated the ticket.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> The ID of the user who updated the ticket.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ticket_event_via</td>
    <td> How the event was created.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>context_client</td>

>     <td>  Refers to the "client" used to submit this ticket change (for example, browser name and type).</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>  This refers to the "client" used to submit this ticket change (for example, browser name and type).</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>context_location</td>

>     <td> Plain text name of where the request was made, if available (for example, country, city).</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> The plain text name of where the request was made, if available (for example, country, city).</td>
```

    <td>via</td>
    <td> How the event was created.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

### activities
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>id</td>

>     <td> Automatically assigned upon creation. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> This is automatically assigned upon creation. </td>
```

### attachments
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>id</td>

>     <td> Automatically assigned upon creation.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> This is automatically assigned upon creation.</td>
```

### organizations
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>id</td>

>     <td> Automatically assigned when the organization is created. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> This is automatically assigned when the organization is created. </td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>details</td>

>     <td> Any details about the organization, such as the address.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> This includes any details about the organization, such as the address.</td>
```

### satisfaction_ratings
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>id</td>

>     <td> Automatically assigned when the organization is created. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> This is automatically assigned when the organization is created. </td>
```

### ticket_comments
  <table>
  <tr>
    <th>Property</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>id</td>
    <td> Automatically assigned when the comment is created. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ticket_event_id</td>

>     <td> Automatically assigned when the comment is created.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> This is automatically assigned when the comment is created.</td>
```

  </tr>
</table>

### ticket_forms
<table>
   <tr>
     <th>Property</th>
     <th>Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td>Automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>This is automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>active</td>
     <td>Shows if the form is set as active.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>end_user_visible</td>

>      <td>Shows if the form is visible to the end user.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>This shows if the form is visible to the end user.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>name</td>
     <td>The name of the form.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>restricted_brand_ids</td>

>      <td>IDs of all brands that this ticket form is restricted to.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The IDs of all brands that this ticket form is restricted to.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>ticket_field_ids</td>

>      <td>IDs of all ticket fields which are in this ticket form.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The IDs of all ticket fields which are in this ticket form.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>updated_at</td>
     <td>The time of the last update of the ticket form.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>url</td>
     <td> The API url of this ticket.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>created_at</td>

>      <td>The time the ticket form was created.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The creation time of the ticket form.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>display_name</td>

>      <td>The name of the form that is displayed to the end user.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The name of the form that displays to the end user.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>in_all_brands</td>

>      <td>Shows if the form is available for use in all brands on this account.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>This shows if the form is available for use in all brands on this account.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>position</td>
     <td>The position of this form among other forms in the account (for example, dropdown)</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>raw_display_name</td>
     <td>The dynamic content placeholder (if available,) or the "display_name" value, if the dynamic content placeholder is unavailable.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>raw_name</td>
     <td>The dynamic content placeholder (if available,) or the "name" value, if the dynamic content placeholder is unavailable.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>default</td>

>      <td>Shows if this form is the default form for this account.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>This shows if this form is the default form for this account.</td>
```

   </tr>
</table>

### ticket_skips
<table>
   <tr>
     <th>Property</th>
     <th>Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td>Automatically assigned when creating groups.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>This is automatically assigned when creating groups.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>user_id</td>

>      <td>ID of the skipping agent.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The ID of the skipping agent.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>reason</td>

>      <td>Reason for skipping the ticket.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The reason for skipping the ticket.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>created_at</td>

>      <td>Time the skip was created.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The time the skip was created.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>updated_at</td>

>      <td>Time the skip was last updated.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The time the skip was last updated.</td>
```

   </tr>
</table>

### organization_memberships
<table>
   <tr>
     <th>Property</th>
     <th>Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td>Automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>This is automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>url</td>
     <td> The API url of this ticket.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>user_id</td>
     <td>The ID of the user who has this organization membership.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>organization_id</td>

>      <td>the ID of the organization associated with this user.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The ID of the organization associated with this user.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>created_at</td>

>      <td>When this record was created.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The time this record was created.</td>
```

Reviewer: Not sure if this is supposed to be date or time

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>updated_at</td>

>      <td>When this record was last updated.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>The time this record was last updated.</td>
```

Reviewer: not sure if this is supposed to be date or time?

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>organization_name</td>
     <td>The name of the organization associated with this user.</td>
   </tr>
</table>

### group_memberships
<table>
   <tr>
     <th>Property</th>
     <th>Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td> Automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> This is automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>url</td>
     <td> The API url of this group.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>created_at</td>

>      <td> The time the group was created.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td> The creation time of the group.</td>
```

   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>group_id</td>
     <td> The ID of the group assigned to at the time of rating.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>updated_at</td>
     <td> The time of the last update of the group.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>user_id</td>
     <td> The ID of an agent.</td>
   </tr>
</table>

### audit_logs
<table>
   <tr>
     <th>Property</th>
     <th>Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
     <td>id</td>

>      <td>Automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td>This is automatically assigned when creating groups. </td>
```
